Add iOS Live Activities documentation (#1303)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/notifications/commands.md

| ------- | ----------- |
| `request_location_update` | Request a location update from the device, [see below](#request-location-updates) for implications about this command. |
| `clear_badge` | Silently removes the badge from the App icon without displaying a notification. |
| `clear_notification` | Removes a notification, [more details](basic.md#clearing). When a `tag` is present, also ends the matching Live Activity. |

> | `end_live_activity` | ![iOS](/assets/iOS.svg) Ends a Live Activity by its `tag`. [More details](live-activities.md#ending-a-live-activity). Requires iOS 17.2+. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clear_notification` | Removes a notification or a live activity, [more details](basic.md#clearing). |
```

Author: Thanks, integrated

> | `end_live_activity` | Ends a Live Activity by its `tag`. [More details](live-activities.md#ending-a-live-activity). Requires iOS 17.2+; see [Live Activities requirements](live-activities.md#requirements). |

Reviewer 2: We should probably mention that is iOS only?
